the Caribbean a vacationers paradise and
yet this region was once a stronghold
for outcasts thieves and murderers
a savage race that banished hundreds of
years ago but what if there were
survivors and what if they kept their
existence a secret from the outside
world what if someone found out
the island for civilization as we lived
has taken a bizarre turn I mean all of
you are you some kind of religious [ __ ]
I wanted to hit you I could have hit you
[Music]
pirates tonight sounds crazy but you
better believe me all those who have
discovered the island have never been
seen again
[Music]
the island the super thriller from the
author of Jaws and now the most
terrifying thing in the water is the
island